User guide: document basic provisioning and deprovisioning (#466)
metal3-io/metal3-docs: docs/user-guide/src/bmo/provisioning.md

# Provisioning and Deprovisioning

> The most fundamental feature of Metal3 BareMetal Operator is provisioning of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most fundamental feature of Metal3 Bare Metal Operator is provisioning of
```
Once again, we should standardize the spelling of our components. RIght now, the spelling used by you is found 6 times, while the suggested spelling is found 20+ times (and `Baremetal Operator` is found another 20+ times :roll_eyes: )

bare-metal machines with a user-provided image. This document explains how to
provision machines using the `BareMetalHost` API directly. Users of the Cluster
API should consult the [CAPM3 documentation](../capm3/introduction.md) instead.

## Provisioning

A freshly enrolled host gets provisioned when the two conditions are met:

- the state is `available` (see [state machine](./state_machine.md)),
- either its `image` field or its `customDeploy` field is not empty.

**NOTE:** `customDeploy` is an advanced feature that is not covered in this
document.

> Two start the provisioning process, you need at least two bits of information:

Reviewer 2: nit: s/Two/To

When the format is omitted, Ironic will download the image into the local cache
and inspect its format. If you want to use the streaming feature, you need to
provide the `raw` format explicitly. If you want to forcibly cache the image
(for example, because the remote image server is not accessible from the
machine being provisioned), omit the format or use `qcow2` images.

**HINT:** cloud-init is capable of [growing the last
partition](https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/reference/modules.html#growpart)
to occupy the remaining free space. Use this feature instead of creating very
large raw images with a lot of empty space.

**NOTE:** the special format value `live-iso` triggers a [live ISO
provisioning](./live-iso.md) that works differently from a normal one.

## Deprovisioning

To remove an instance from the host and make it available for new deployments,
remove the `image`, `userData`, `networkData`, `metaData` and `customDeploy`
fields (if present). Depending on the host configuration, it will either start
the [automated cleaning](./automated_cleaning.md) process or will become
`available` right away.

> ## Re-provisioning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reprovisioning
```
Same with this spelling. Both are legit, but without dash is prevalent and also seems to be more common of the spellings. This occurs just few times, while reprovision occurs much more often.

If you want to apply a new image or new user or network data to the host, you

> need to deprovision it and provision again. This can be done in two ways:

Reviewer 2: nit: deprovision and provision it again

- If the URL of the image changes, the re-provisioning process will start
  automatically. Make sure to update the user and network data in

>   the same edit operation.

Reviewer: Same or prior edit, maybe? The warning couple lines below suggest you can edit user data and network data without triggering reprovisioning.
